Okay, I'm currently looking at the preview that you have provided. Obviously, the icons that you have decided to choose for it, I don't think those are the same icons that are placed in the original file version. So I do not want these icons, okay? I really love the onboarding screen. Let's keep that as it is, okay? There is no more changes there should be on the onboarding screen. I think it is very good. It is okay. At most, if you have to, then there is only one line change that I would like. That is, "Your phone will be organized beautifully." Okay, that should be there instead of whatever it is right now. Okay. And then there is a question of what is your intention while you are giving me these different home look okay? First is the home dense. I think it looks okay. Okay, that works. And second is the spacious. That works as well. Okay? I don't have any issues with that. I want to make sure that we add a system that makes sure that any category can be edited, can be removed, okay? Anything that exists on screen should be visible or non-visible, which includes apps as well. Any app that is not something that the user wants, even if it's a system app, that can be hidden or placed into an area where it is hidden, okay, is not on screen. Now, there is one issue that I face over here. There is a missing home screen, okay? This drawer-like setting that you have given me, home dense, home spacious, okay, I do not like how it is currently. Basically, that shouldn't be the screen. It shouldn't be the lock screen. When you open the phone, you either have options of having the app drawer, which will be not inside the application. Currently, the preview is showing me the application, like how the app drawer is inside apps or home area that is supposed to be there. It is inside the app, but it shouldn't be like that. It is a completely different user interface. Okay. Either you can keep all the apps the way that you have given in the home dense, home spacious, which are two modes, but both of them are for drawer mode. So if drawer mode is on, then only both of the spacious and this works, okay? And all the apps that you have added, plus three, plus two, whatever, there shouldn't be plus unless the six apps that are supposed to be there in one bracket fills up more, then there should be pluses just to show. So there will be five app icons and six will be plus, how many apps there might be. And when you click on it, it should expand and the background is still little bit... Okay. Okay, the app drawer, it will exist, but it shouldn't be inside the app, okay? It should be a user interface for, let's say... That can be there in the drawer option, basically. In the app drawer, if someone wants to keep the dense or spacious as their app drawer, they can, or they can keep the app drawer as the stuff that you are giving me in review. It depends completely on them. Then in the theme, I do not want to say anything. Yeah, in the files, currently, the review that you are showing me about the files, I want that in homes. In files, there should be just files. All of the internal files, that will be shown there. That's it. There shouldn't be anything else. So imagine the Android will be the top, and then all the files. All the files of the phone will be there. All the folders will be there. And if you click on it, you can view all the data. And currently, the user interface that exists over here for the files, that should be on the home. And then the search and the share and the tools, that's like a completely different section, so we will not discuss that over here. But yeah, everything should be working. Smart collections should have the same aesthetic vibe that we have given for the onboarding. Onboarding, okay? In the photos, again, the onboarding stuff that we have did, apply that to everything, basically.